I'm very sciencing and my bail
so local scare Austin Thomas told me
about this this spot you University of
Manitoba when we walked in we saw these
late probably like this 12-foot 13 foot
drop
it's like what I was broken into like a
Ledge here in the ledge here the bottom
ledge it was the highest I think was
like 80 feet so we got we got more lines
and you film that dis bench Jason got
his tricks I got some
everything was all good then security
came there they're a nice people so that
were just like we weren't dicks about it
so we gladly left and I whispered and
Dylan I'm like yo want to go check out
that and drop the drop so as I climb on
the ledge I'm just like I'm ready to go
Dillons builds in the corner I'm just
like alright I got this and then
security came again like I thought we
told you to leave I'm just like can I
please have one more try one more try
like all right but we can't you can't be
there to watch me so they walked away so
I got up and I'm just like alright job
to job
my buddy Logan's board which is Luis
chucks his balls just cold for the whole
thing he that's doable
do you wanna snap Logan's board yep so
what happened is that right as they
hopped on my board and started running I
hit the first the first drop but what
happened is it got mad wheel bite and it
didn't help that I was leaning all on my
heel side which caused it to like
instant fucking stop so when that
happened obviously I leaned forward
towards the last drop and right when I
landed my board and I like it's like I
hit a rock there that's all my heels I
lean forward and I'm just like oh no
this this is not gonna go well at all
I'm just like fuck him I'm fuck it hit
me right right near the top of my head
and like first contact my head hit the
ground bite
my reflex my whole body flop and I'm
just like and I landed on my shoulder
basically on my left side of my body on
my knee I'm just like Oh first thing
that hit me is everything went blurry my
eyes are still open I saw a little
purple and like green stars all around
me
I'm just like I was all phased and like
I realized there's pain all across my
body fuck was the only word in my
vocabulary so they all crowd around me
and they definitely try to move me and
set me up but everything just heard my
my colleague lumens popped out of place
I'm just like no no no Dylan said you
know what's getting tossed we wanna go
to a hospital I'm like yeah so after a
week in the hospital they finally
release me I'm like look yeah this is a
thing you have to wear Silver's playing
guitar but ladies and gentleman that's
exactly the way to do
Wow thumbs up good fuck yeah dude
you got this